release Hydra 1.1.1 (#1779)
facebookresearch/hydra: NEWS.md

### API Change (Renames, deprecations and removals)

- Re-introduced a deprecated strict flag in the Compose API ([#1694](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1694))
- Relax handling of legacy hydra overrides in the defaults list to make migration from Hydra 1.0 to 1.1 easier ([#1748](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1748))

### Bug Fixes

- Allow Defaults List interpolation in nested configs and document that the interpolation keys must be absolute ([#1668](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1668))
- instantiate API now supports `target` as a parameter name ([#1669](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1669))
- Fix `--cfg=job --resolve` and `--help --resolve` so that the ${hydra:...} resolver now prints properly ([#1681](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1681))
- Fix unexpected changes to defaults list in some cases when appending an experiment (+experiment=test) ([#1706](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1706))
- Fixed composition where top level of a config composed from a config group is a list ([#1724](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1724))

> - Fix bug where overriding hyera config groups move than once without using the override keyword resulted in an error instead of deprecation warnings ([#1730](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1730))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug where overriding hydra config groups more than once without using the override keyword resulted in an error instead of deprecation warnings ([#1730](https://github.com/facebookresearch/hydra/issues/1730))
```
